docs: sample code for wildfly and hibernate (#489)
awslabs/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper: examples/SpringWildflyExample/README.md

# Tutorial: Getting Started with the AWS Advanced JDBC Wrapper, Spring Boot and Wildfly

> In this tutorial, you will set up a Wildfly and String Boot application with the AWS Advanced JDBC Wrapper, and use the wrapper to execute some simple database operations.

Reviewer: AWS Advanced JDBC Driver?

> In this tutorial, you will set up a Wildfly and String Boot application with the AWS Advanced JDBC Wrapper, and use the wrapper to execute some simple database operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will set up a Wildfly and Spring Boot application with the AWS Advanced JDBC Wrapper, and use the wrapper to execute some simple database operations.
```

> Note: this tutorial was written using the following technologies:
>    - Spring Boot 2.7.1
>    - Wildfly 26.1.1 Final
>    - AWS Advanced JDBC Wrapper 2.1.2
>    - Postgresql 42.5.4
>    - Gradle 7
>    - Java 11

You will progress through the following sections:
1. Create a Gradle Spring Boot project
2. Add the required Gradle dependencies
3. Configure the AWS Advanced JDBC Wrapper in Wildfly
4. Use JDBCTemplate to perform some simple database operations

## Step 1: Create a Gradle Project
Create a Gradle project with the following project hierarchy:

```
├───build.gradle.kts
├───spring
      └───src
          ├───main
              ├───java
              │   └───example
              |       │───MVP.java
              |       └───SpringWildflyExampleApplication.java
              └───resources
              │   └───application.properties
└───wildfly
      └───modules
          ├───software
              ├───amazon
              │   └───jdbc
              │       └───main
              │       │   │───module.xml

>               │       │   │───postgresql-42.5.0.jar

Reviewer: Should the PostgreSQL jar be version 42.5.4?

              │       │   └───aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper-2.2.0.jar
      └───standalone
          ├───configuration
              ├───amazon
              │   └───standalone.xml
```

> > Note: The wildfly directory will contain all the files you have downloaded in step 3. For simplicity, the diagram above only shows the files requiring modifications or need to be added.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: The wildfly directory will contain all the files that you will download in step 3. For simplicity, the diagram above only shows the files that either need to be added or require modifications.
```
